[Music]
I'm breaking this office drawer down
into four corners because basically this
is just a medium-sized box in the middle
of lower Manhattan one of my favorite
parts about this office is the tall
ceilings it makes it seem like it's
bigger than it actually is however that
means the sound the noise recording
audio isn't the best so I'm thinking
about maybe putting some sound panels on
my ceiling however it's so like the
molding so pretty that I don't want to
do it but the content the audio you
might say Sarah
why is your neon sign not lit well hey
Siri turn on the peach transforming the
space into my dream office has actually
been a five part series and you can
check out all the episodes down below on
how I did this and you you saw a lot of
this corner a lot of the desk space
building my mega desk but guess what I
finally have the main gear PC all set up
my PC jess is good to go same with my
MacBook setup over here I have two Apple
cinema displays now that I've kind of
settled with my main gear PC it's going
to be the Machine I edit on a lot of you
guys are like why I still have this
setup honestly my late 2016 MacBook Pro
is still my editing on-the-go laptop
when I go back to my apartment or when I
travel having email and messages and all
of my creative cloud apps on there it's
just very comfortable for me however
when I tried out the Dell XPS 15 for the
first time I was like oh wait there are
other laptops out there and as an Adobe
Premiere Pro user took so many laptops
out there that are faster as well so we
figured out my desktop situation
figuring out my laptop situation is next
the Dell XPS 15 it's not perfect but I'm
gonna try to find the perfect laptop for
me but guess what that's not this video
I could probably talk about laptops for
hours and hours
so who knows how long this will stay the
same it right now that's I've known this
setup for so long I dig it I like it the
Apple cinema displays yeah they're old I
get it
stop yelling at me we got the booster
board plus and stealth in the corner
still my go-to for short distances
picking up lunch going to a quick
meeting however I do ride my moped if
it's over a mile corner - so this is
usually home to the moped in my aperture
120 D the light that I talked about in
my previous video this thing is amazing
the huge softbox just casts a beautiful
soft light on whatever subject you're
shooting whether it's a person or it's a
piece of tech I love this light I can't
stress enough how dope it is I love
having the three different colors of the
seamless trolls they're not super wide
so it's kind of tough to shoot people on
but I've shot a lot of tech in front of
it in the device that is on the wall
that are holding the rolls I just bought
on Amazon link in the description below
other than that this corner is just for
storage I have a lot of designated spots
for batteries random camera gear boxes
that get sent to me and boxes that I've
opened and not opened yeah this is
probably the least exciting corner this
one isn't too special but we got my
camera set up behind me along with a
little charging station 100% Casey
inspired but this side is kind of
special to me why it's kind of stupid
but in the previous video I mentioned
wow guys I'm entering adulthood I'm I'm
buying furniture that is actually
hopefully across my fingers gonna last
longer than two years I absolutely love
this obnoxious
huge circular mirror and then this [ __ ]
guys I love this bench I know it's just
a bench but I love it it's just so well
main just sturdy and it's the dark wood
and the marble on the bottom brings in
some of the marble that I have
throughout the office whether you know
it's the marble slabs are holding on my
computer or my coffee table so shout out
to this bench I love it so yeah we got
the fridge to keep my pit you have my
Morgan and if I ever win it you know jam
and then I have another one of these
liked our shelving things I love how
they open it's a great place to keep
things organized I also have one
underneath my desk it is from Container
Store Container Store
I need affiliate links I'm selling you
guys so much product email me please
this is the chill zone so this is
actually where I've been doing most of
my podcasts check it out the creative
exchange link down the scription pull up
so this coffee table is another thing
from CB 200 leave this entire office is
CV to Container Store it's a good place
to just sit down and chill there's a TV
right there a lot of times when I have
lunch I'll sit over on this desk and
watch the TV somebody I didn't mention
about this desk is it has rollers on the
bottom so it's really easy to move
around if I need to have it for filming
these shelves are also from cb2 just
some really dope coffee table books and
really inspiring poster and a unicorn
dreams don't work unless you do my 100 K
sub plaque from YouTube thank you for
subscribing have you subscribed yes yeah
I love this corner it's so comfy oh this
is a pillow from society6 big fan of
them and all the artists on there yeah
it's a good chosen I've already taken
many naps on this couch this is
literally a dream come true for me as
someone who is from humble beginnings in
Dallas Texas to have my own creative
studio here in Manhattan it like can you
just pinch me please is this real I
can't wait for the videos to come out
here in just a creative collaboration
that has already been happening here and
will in the future so thank you guys so
much for being along with the journey
with me if you're new around here hi I'm
Sara DG rhymes with peachy I make videos
around tech and creativity oh my gosh
there's so many phones coming out and
cameras it's an exciting time to be
alive so let me know if you like this
video hit that subscribe button down
below for new videos every single week
and if you want to join I haven't really
blasted this anywhere but you know if
you want to join the the secret creative
Club that I have going on over at
patreon.com slash Sara deechi you can
check that out exclusive live streams
and also tutorials and also a private
discord channel and and early podcasts
and exclusive video recordings of set
podcasts so let me know if you have any
questions down in the comments section
below again things are linked in the
description as well until next time stay
peachy okay
[Music]